Contributing guidelines update (#543)
JuliaHealth/KomaMRI.jl: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to Contribute

> - **Use VSCode to create contributions**: Please follow the instructions in ["How to contribute to Koma"](docs/src/how-to/5-contribute-to-koma.md) that describes the contribution process through VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Recommended way to contribute**: Please follow the instructions in ["How to contribute to Koma"](docs/src/how-to/5-contribute-to-koma.md) that describes the contribution process through VSCode.
```

The link ["How to contribute to Koma"](docs/src/how-to/5-contribute-to-koma.md) is wrong. Please point to page in the documentation, not the markdown file.

Author: Solved in [7c9c09c](https://github.com/JuliaHealth/KomaMRI.jl/pull/543/commits/7c9c09c94697bf6b9da30416de3b38f4ae8a37b4)
